Update README.rst (#2466)
codespell-project/codespell: README.rst

    codespell -w, --write-changes

> The ``-w`` flag will actually implement the changes recommended by codespell. Not running with ``-w`` flag is the same as with doing a dry run. It is recommended to run this with the ``-i`` or ``--interactive`` flag.

Reviewer: Currently we've generally got
--foo
Explanation of foo.

You've added some comments above the flag too. I would suggest for consistency/clarity either we should move this below too, or move ALL the explanations above the flags. Afterwards certainly seems to match the man pages I've looked at.

Author: I'd agree it's a bit out of place. I went for above, just because it applies to both `-I` and `-L`.

I guess the obvious options are to either duplicate it for both, or maybe just move it below the `-L` entry. In that case the example `wrod` could be changed to `wrod1`, which might be a little more obvious?

Reviewer: Maybe for the readme particularly, we should rewrite it as:

> **Ignoring Words**
> When ignoring false positives, note that spelling errors are *case-insensitive* but words to ignore are *case-sensitive*. For example, the dictionary entry ``wrod`` will also match the typo ``Wrod``, but to ignore it you must pass ``wrod``.
> 
> The words to be ignore can be passed in two ways:
> -I
> A file with a word per line to ignore.
> -L
> A comma separated list of words to ignore on the command line.

Or something like that? I think there's a similar case with something else further down.

Author: Not a bad idea, and leaves it open to add more help if necessary. I sort of back-pedaled on the earlier changes, then added a section a bit farther down with internal links.

Let me know what you think :)

> When ignoring false positives, note that allowed words are *case-sensitive*, but dictionary matches are *case-insensitive*. For example, the dictionary entry ``wrod`` will match ``Wrod``, but to allow it you must pass ``wrod``.

Reviewer: How about this tweak? Do you think this helps, or doesn't hinder the clarity?
```suggestion
When ignoring false positives, note that spelling errors are *case-insensitive* but words to ignore are *case-sensitive*. For example, the dictionary entry ``wrod`` will also match the typo ``Wrod``, but to ignore it you must pass ``wrod``.
```

Author: This is much better!
